README.md, before:

# Hi! Welcome to my GitHub✨
Junior Front-end Developer (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Next.js) 

## 🙋‍♂️ About Me
I am self-sufficient Front-end Developer, whose aim is to focus on developing both Technical and Soft skills. I used to handle multiple tasks simultaneously, see myself as a worker of a successful company. As everyone, I can face to some problems, but I am feel excited when it is solved. I used to study English from childhood, as a result every time I try to find new ways to refine it and make myself proud. So, I will do my best to improve everything in better way.

## 💻 Tech Stack
<p align="left" style="display: flex; gap: 30px;">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" width="55" height="55" alt="HTML5"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" width="55" height="55" alt="CSS3"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" width="55" height="55" alt="JavaScript"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" width="55" height="55" alt="TypeScript"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" width="55" height="55" alt="React"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs" width="55" height="55" alt="Next.js"/>
</p>

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🧾 **STORK — Authentication System**
A group project where I joined a team already using **Next.js**.  
I quickly adapted and implemented a full **user registration and login flow**, focusing on smooth and secure authentication.

> **Role:** Developer • **Tech:** Next.js, React

---

### 📌 **Portfolio Project — API Request Logic**
Team project created to practice **JavaScript after the module**.  
I developed the **POST request to the server** and the **success modal logic**, handling both UI interaction and request flow.

> **Role:** Developer • **Tech:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript


## 🌍 Languages

![Ukrainian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ukrainian-Native-blue?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=0d1117)
![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-B2-green?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=0d1117)
![Italian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Italian-A2-red?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=0d1117)

## 📫 How to reach me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nazarii-yankoshchuk) 
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-26A5E4?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/nazarko_345) 
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nazarijankosuk@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Add 'TravelTrucks' project to README
Added a new project 'TravelTrucks' to the featured projects section in the README.

README.md, after:

# Hi! Welcome to my GitHub✨
Junior Front-end Developer (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript React, Next.js) 

## 🙋‍♂️ About Me
I am self-sufficient Front-end Developer, whose aim is to focus on developing both Technical and Soft skills. I used to handle multiple tasks simultaneously, see myself as a worker of a successful company. As everyone, I can face to some problems, but I am feel excited when it is solved. I used to study English from childhood, as a result every time I try to find new ways to refine it and make myself proud. So, I will do my best to improve everything in better way.

## 💻 Tech Stack
<p align="left" style="display: flex; gap: 30px;">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" width="55" height="55" alt="HTML5"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" width="55" height="55" alt="CSS3"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" width="55" height="55" alt="JavaScript"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" width="55" height="55" alt="TypeScript"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" width="55" height="55" alt="React"/>
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs" width="55" height="55" alt="Next.js"/>
</p>

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🚐 **TravelTrucks**
It was my first technical task, where I found all aspects of working by technical requirements. It was aimed to build the app
for buing the Travel Trucks. 

> **Role:** Developer • **Tech:** Next.js, React

🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/nazarko345/technical-task)  

---

### 📌 **Portfolio Project — API Request Logic**
Team project created to practice **JavaScript after the module**.  
I developed the **POST request to the server** and the **success modal logic**, handling both UI interaction and request flow.

> **Role:** Developer • **Tech:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript

🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/nazarko345/portfolio-team-project)  


## 🌍 Languages

![Ukrainian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ukrainian-Native-blue?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=0d1117)
![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-B2-green?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=0d1117)
![Italian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Italian-A2-red?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=0d1117)

## 📫 How to reach me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nazarii-yankoshchuk) 
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-26A5E4?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/nazarko_345) 
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nazarijankosuk@gmail.com)
